OpenSHMEM 1.6rc1 Draft (#540)
openshmem-org/specification: content/shmem_broadcast.tex

  respectively.
}
\apiargument{IN}{PE\_root}{Zero-based ordinal of the \ac{PE}, with respect to

>     the calling PEs, from which the data is copied.}

Author: ```suggestion
    the calling \acp{PE}, from which the data is copied.}
```

    \begin{itemize}
        \item The \dest{} array on all \acp{PE} in the team is ready to
            accept the result of the operation.
        \item The \source{} array at the local root \ac{PE} is ready to be
            read by any \ac{PE} in the team.
    \end{itemize}
    The application does not need to synchronize to ensure that the \source{}
    array is ready across all \acp{PE} prior to calling this routine.

    Upon return from a team-based broadcast routine, the following are true for the local
    \ac{PE}:
    \begin{itemize}
        \item The \dest{} data object is updated.
        \item The \source{} data object may be safely reused.
    \end{itemize}

\begin{DeprecateBlock}
    \openshmem active-set broadcast routines are collective routines over an active set.
    They copy the \source{} data object on the \ac{PE} specified by
    \VAR{PE\_root} to the \dest{} data object on the \acp{PE}
    participating in the collective operation.
    The same \dest{} and \source{} data objects and the same value of
    \VAR{PE\_root} must be passed by all \acp{PE} participating in the
    collective operation.

    For active-set-based broadcasts:
    \begin{itemize}

>         \item The \VAR{dest} object is updated on all PEs other than the root PE.

Author: ```suggestion
        \item The \VAR{dest} object is updated on all \acp{PE} other than the root PE.
```
